com/example/assignment_4/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.assignment_4.BuildConfig
com/example/assignment_4/Room/DaoClass.java
 com.example.assignment_4.Room.DaoClass
com/example/assignment_4/TabAct.java
 com.example.assignment_4.TabAct
com/example/assignment_4/Room/Weather.java
 com.example.assignment_4.Room.Weather
com/example/assignment_4/Room/City.java
 com.example.assignment_4.Room.City
com/example/assignment_4/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.example.assignment_4.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.example.assignment_4.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
com/example/assignment_4/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.example.assignment_4.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.example.assignment_4.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
com/example/assignment_4/Room/AppDatabase.java
 com.example.assignment_4.Room.AppDatabase
com/example/assignment_4/placeholder/PlaceholderContent.java
 com.example.assignment_4.placeholder.PlaceholderContent
 com.example.assignment_4.placeholder.PlaceholderContent$PlaceholderItem
com/example/assignment_4/MyItemRecyclerViewAdapter2.java
 com.example.assignment_4.MyItemRecyclerViewAdapter2
 com.example.assignment_4.MyItemRecyclerViewAdapter2$ViewHolder
com/example/assignment_4/databinding/FragmentTabBinding.java
 com.example.assignment_4.databinding.FragmentTabBinding
com/example/assignment_4/databinding/ActivityWeatherInfoBinding.java
 com.example.assignment_4.databinding.ActivityWeatherInfoBinding
com/example/assignment_4/databinding/FragmentCityListBinding.java
 com.example.assignment_4.databinding.FragmentCityListBinding
com/example/assignment_4/databinding/FragmentWeatherBinding.java
 com.example.assignment_4.databinding.FragmentWeatherBinding
com/example/assignment_4/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.assignment_4.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/example/assignment_4/FragmentCity.java
 com.example.assignment_4.FragmentCity
com/example/assignment_4/FragmentWeather.java
 com.example.assignment_4.FragmentWeather
com/example/assignment_4/databinding/ActivityTabBinding.java
 com.example.assignment_4.databinding.ActivityTabBinding
com/example/assignment_4/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.assignment_4.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/assignment_4/databinding/FragmentCityBinding.java
 com.example.assignment_4.databinding.FragmentCityBinding
com/example/assignment_4/databinding/FragmentWeatherListBinding.java
 com.example.assignment_4.databinding.FragmentWeatherListBinding
com/example/assignment_4/MyItemRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.assignment_4.MyItemRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.assignment_4.MyItemRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/assignment_4/MainActivity.java
 com.example.assignment_4.MainActivity
 com.example.assignment_4.MainActivity$1
 com.example.assignment_4.MainActivity$1$1
 com.example.assignment_4.MainActivity$1$2
com/example/assignment_4/WeatherInfo.java
 com.example.assignment_4.WeatherInfo
 com.example.assignment_4.WeatherInfo$1
 com.example.assignment_4.WeatherInfo$2
